Clarify the repository admin permission and process (#3465)
open-telemetry/community: guides/maintainer/github-admin-processes.md

  Changes that affect a single repository owned by multiple SIGs should follow the same
  process, but the change should have the approval of at least one maintainer from each
  affected SIG.

### Request Repository Admin Permissions

By default, maintainers of a repository have the `Maintain` permission instead
of the `Admin` permission. This is to protect the maintainers from making
accidental/unintended changes that are sensitive and/or destructive.

> There are cases when the maintains would want to have `Admin` permission:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are cases when the maintainers would want to have `Admin` permission:
```

- Make necessary changes that are not currently supported by the
  [open-telemetry/admin](https://github.com/open-telemetry/admin) PR process.
- Handle (e.g., accept, publish, merge fixes from a private fork/branch, etc.)
  security advisories.

Maintainers can request `Admin` permissions by the
[open-telemetry/admin](https://github.com/open-telemetry/admin) PR process, here
is [an example](https://github.com/open-telemetry/admin/pull/639). If requested,
the maintainer will be granted `Admin` permissions, and in return they must
document any changes they make to the repository settings in a file named

> `.github/repository-settings.md` in their repository (other than temporarily
> disabling "Do not allow bypassing the above settings", see branch protection
> rules below).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`.github/repository-settings.md` in their repository (other than bypassing branch
protection rules in order to merge a security fix from a temporary private fork).
```

Author: Let me fix this in the new PR #3466.

> [open-telemetry/admin](https://github.com/open-telemetry/admin) PR process, here
> is [an example](https://github.com/open-telemetry/admin/pull/639). If requested,
> the maintainer will be granted `Admin` permissions, and in return they must
> document any changes they make to the repository settings in a file named
> `.github/repository-settings.md` in their repository (other than temporarily
> disabling "Do not allow bypassing the above settings", see branch protection
> rules below).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[open-telemetry/admin](https://github.com/open-telemetry/admin) PR process, here
is [an example](https://github.com/open-telemetry/admin/pull/639). After being 
granted the `Admin` permission, maintainers are required to document changes
that they make as follows:

- Record your changes in the file `.github/maintainer-log.md` with your GitHub login, date, and a description of the administrative changes made.
- Do not include sensitive information
- If you are required to unset "Do not allow bypassing the above settings" in branch protection rules, be sure to re-enable it.
```

I was confused by the name `repository-settings.md`. Also there is not a branch protection rules below, so I tried to clarify. I figure that if you click "Do not allow bypassing" that you should document it, then document that you restored the setting.
